INSTALL.md, before:

# Linux

	sudo apt-get install make git python

	sudo apt-get install byacc flex pkg-config libpng-dev
	git clone https://github.com/rednex/rgbds
	cd rgbds
	sudo make install
	cd ..

	git clone --recursive https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

To build **pokered.gbc** and **pokeblue.gbc**:

	make

To build them individually:

	make red
	make blue


# Mac

Get [**Homebrew**](http://brew.sh/).

Then in **Terminal**, run:

	xcode-select --install
	brew install rgbds

	git clone --recursive https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

	make


# Windows

To build on Windows, use [**Cygwin**](http://cygwin.com/install.html) (64-bit). Use the default settings.

In the installer, select the following packages:
- `make`
- `git`
- `python`

Then download [**rgbds**](https://github.com/bentley/rgbds/releases).
Extract the archive. Inside should be `rgbasm.exe`, `rgblink.exe`, `rgbfix.exe`, `rgbgfx.exe` and some `.dll` files. Put each file in `C:\cygwin64\usr\local\bin\`. If your Cygwin installation directory differs, ensure the `bin` directory is present in the PATH variable.

In the **Cygwin terminal**:

	git clone --recursive https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

	make

Commit message:

Python is no longer used to build.

INSTALL.md, after:

# Linux

	sudo apt-get install make git gcc

	sudo apt-get install byacc flex pkg-config libpng-dev
	git clone https://github.com/rednex/rgbds
	cd rgbds
	sudo make install
	cd ..

	git clone https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

To build **pokered.gbc** and **pokeblue.gbc**:

	make

To build them individually:

	make red
	make blue


# Mac

Get [**Homebrew**](http://brew.sh/).

Then in **Terminal**, run:

	xcode-select --install
	brew install rgbds

	git clone https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

To build **pokered.gbc** and **pokeblue.gbc**:

	make


# Windows

Download [**Cygwin**](http://cygwin.com/install.html): **setup-x86_64.exe** for 64-bit Windows, **setup-x86.exe** for 32-bit.

Run setup and leave the default settings. At "Select Packages", choose to install the following:

- `make`
- `git`
- `gcc-core`

Then download [**rgbds**](https://github.com/rednex/rgbds/releases/): the latest **win64.tar.gz** or **win32.tar.gz** release. Extract it and put all the `exe` and `dll` files individually in **C:\cygwin64\usr\local\bin**.

In the **Cygwin terminal**, enter these commands:

	git clone https://github.com/pret/pokered
	cd pokered

To build **pokered.gbc** and **pokeblue.gbc**:

	make
